{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf360
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Start with excitement! But don't resolve it.\
OK to calm down after that.\
Vary the visuals; NVL mode used for long streams of thought, but not always.\
Animated visuals are a plus! Even partial animations in a static scene.\
slow transitions between major sections ok\
cartoonified photos ok\
have the hero make mistakes\
hero doesn't have to be that interesting, either, but don't force him to talk too long with people like that.\
when moving, try to show the path taken if the building is important (when introducing)\
other people shouldn't be perfect, either\
have arguments\
characters do not need to be caricatures\'85\
\'85but there is usually a single defining word about them. still, have surprises!\
contrasting scenes are good.\
mystery is good.\
don't give everything that you would expect in the story. leave something for later.\
have a crazy character or two.\
craziness \'96 a reversing of what is normal and abnormal. plus, it's funny.\
maintain tension. identify something that will keep the reader inside, at all times.\
conflicts don't have to involve the protagonist.\
the protagonist should not initiate everything. that's not real. some things are forced.\
conversation is not always necessary to tell the story.}